ROX-21158: Update network graph with internal entities info (#71783)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-graph-20-view.adoc

Network policies:: You can view existing policies for a selected component or view components that have no policies.
Network flows:: You can select one of the following flows for the graph:
Active traffic:: Selecting this default option shows observed traffic, focused on the namespace or specific deployment that you selected. You can select the time period for which to display information.
Inactive flows:: Selecting this option shows potential flows allowed by your network policies, helping you identify missing network policies needed to achieve tighter isolation. You can select the time period for which to display information.

You can also simulate network policies from the network graph view. See "Simulating network policies from the network graph" for more information.

[id="navigation-user-interface_{context}"]
== Displays, navigation, and the user interface in the network graph

> The network graph, shown in the following graphic, provides the ability to click on items and view additional information about them. You can also perform actions within the graph such as adding a network flow to your baseline.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion to be a little more focused on the reader

```suggestion
The network graph, shown in the following graphic, allows you to click on items and view additional information about them. You can also perform actions within the graph, such as adding a network flow to your baseline.
```

Or you could do it even more:

```suggestion
You can use the network graph, shown in the following graphic, to click on items and view additional information about them. You can also perform actions within the graph, such as adding a network flow to your baseline.
```

.Network graph example
image::network-graph-20-overview-updated.png[Overview of the Network graph showing deployments]

The following tips can help you navigate the network graph:

* Opening the legend provides information about the symbols in use and their meaning. The legend shows explanatory text for symbols representing namespaces, deployments, and connections on the network graph.
* Selecting additional display options from the drop-down list controls whether the graph displays icons such as the network policy status badge, active external traffic badge, and port and protocol labels for edge connections.
* {product-title-short} detects changes in network traffic, such as nodes joining or leaving. If changes are detected, the network graph displays a notification showing the number of updates available. To avoid interrupting your focus, the graph is not updated automatically. Click the notification to update the graph.

When you click an item in the graph, the rearranged side panel with collapsible sections presents information about that item. You can click on the following items:

* Deployments
* Namespaces
* External entities
* CIDR blocks
* External groups

> The side panel displays relevant information based on the item in the graph that you have selected. The *D* or *NS* label next to the item name in the header (in this example, "visa-processor,") indicates if it is a deployment or a namespace. The following example illustrates the side panel for a deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The side panel displays relevant information based on the item in the graph that you have selected. The *D* or *NS* label next to the item name in the header (in this example, "visa-processor") indicates if it is a deployment or a namespace. The following example illustrates the side panel for a deployment.
```

The following image provides an example of the network graph. In this example, based on the options that the user has chosen, the graph depicts deployments in the selected namespace. Traffic flows are not displayed until you click on an item such as a deployment. The graph uses a red badge to indicate deployments that are missing policies and therefore allowing all network traffic.

[id="internal-entities-connections_{context}"]
== Connections involving internal entities

The network graph is useful for identifying deployments with active connections to entities that do not belong to any known deployment or CIDR block. Some of these connections never reach outside of the cluster and are made within the cluster's private network. The network graph represents those as connections to or from _internal entities_.

> Connections with internal entities represent a connection between a deployment and an IP address that belongs to the private address space as defined in RFC 1918. In some cases, Sensor is unable to identify one or both deployments involved in a connection. In that case, the system analyzes the IP address and decides whether the connection is internal or external.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we usually do this, but we could add a link to the RFC: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1918

Author: We tend to avoid external links because of maintenance but RFCs don't normally change so I think it's fine.

The following scenarios can lead to a connection being categorized as one involving internal entities:

> * A change of IP address or the deletion of a deployment accepting connections (the server), where the party initiating the connection (the client) still attempts to reach it

Reviewer 2: There is a time relation in this sentence, so maybe we can use `while`?

```suggestion
* A change of IP address or the deletion of a deployment accepting connections (the server), while the party initiating the connection (the client) still attempts to reach it
```

* A deployment communicating with the orchestrator API
* A deployment communicating using a networking CNI plugin, for example, Calico

> * A restart of Sensor in which the mapping of IP addresses to past deployments may be empty; for example, when Sensor does not recognize the IP addresses of past entities

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A restart of Sensor resulting in reset of the mapping of IP addresses to past deployments; for example, when Sensor does not recognize the IP addresses of past entities, or past IP addresses of existing entities
```

The network graph is useful for identifying deployments with active connections to entities that do not belong to any known deployment or CIDR block. Some of these connections never reach outside of the cluster and are made within the cluster's private network. The network graph represents those as connections to or from _internal entities_.

Connections with internal entities represent a connection between a deployment and an IP address that belongs to the private address space as defined in http://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1918[RFC 1918]. In some cases, Sensor is unable to identify one or both deployments involved in a connection. In that case, the system analyzes the IP address and decides whether the connection is internal or external.

The following scenarios can lead to a connection being categorized as one involving internal entities:

* A change of IP address or the deletion of a deployment accepting connections (the server) while the party initiating the connection (the client) still attempts to reach it
* A deployment communicating with the orchestrator API
* A deployment communicating using a networking CNI plugin, for example, Calico

> * A restart of Sensor, resulting in a reset of the mapping of IP addresses to past deployments; for example, when Sensor does not recognize the IP addresses of past entities or past IP addresses of existing entities

Reviewer: Per ISG, when the text after "for example" isn't an independent clause, then you don't use a semicolon. Just a comma.

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-examples#inline-examples

```suggestion
* A restart of Sensor, resulting in a reset of the mapping of IP addresses to past deployments, for example, when Sensor does not recognize the IP addresses of past entities or past IP addresses of existing entities
```
